hello everyone i am hy these others see hd
more another will think that I am very sick
well guess what I'm sick bergeois
so I probably will not do
many videos this week forgive me
a lot but really this is not the
case
I come to say that this news because
I'm a fan of my hd channel this
sent a link on an optical strut
optician saying that microsoft was going like
that eliminate your forgetfulness of oneself what
now we can not continue
up in videos of Gilgamesh
ge commented on and now very well if
we go to the xbox page that is where
says the content or how to use the
use of materials like hello other
game that has to do with microsoft
let's see very well that there is a section
very important that you have to read if
we read what it says here this comes from the
direct page is a live yourselves
you can check the link is in the
inscription this vision in general
no description
now to introduce what they say from
and by the way and by the way these rules
nothing more 'cool' to the publicity of the
eggs by microsoft studios where
microsoft be have the copyright or
so to speak are the owners of
copyright us we can give
the permits for the use of eggs
other publishers or other games that
Microsoft does not have, as it were, the
copyright or intellectual property sorry
but you should contact the
creators in the game producers and
here is a list of games that
they allow you to use them
with the permission of microsoft in which
you have to use one like say one
template or a written permission and puts it
in the description of your video as
you see and it is included in the
lists that means we have the
permission to use the game but with several
conditions is to say that we can
publish the youtube or vimeo with the
following conditions clearly that
says that we can show our
as hello for example on pages like
youtube or vimeo with the condition that
they can not have adverse and men that are
as advertising products or things for
the style unless this product
be this advertising that is is for
youtube or pay youtube but
we can no longer make money
legally making videos with hello
example from now on because
we would be breaking the rules of
content of the use of microsoft studios
although clearly here also says that
it does not matter if you have a partner program
with some company would also be
breaking the rules of microsoft
studios because they are paying you for
make money from a branded product
those studies for example hello though
It surprises me since it 's roster me
and machinima that make life does for the
style
using content in gilo so to speak
now very well this the like that so
say the will not testament not
it's like the letter that he exposes in the
description to make it clear that you are
using a content that they gave you
permission to use it as an example it
they have to put the no
in the game they have put everything
is on the screen it is also on the
description so that you have a
example what they have to put for
of course this is just for having this
a concern I always have them
my videos in the four and the machinima
of rich thread or I think I do not think not
I have but still I have some
videos not all nothing else to have
provocations to avoid problems
with the copyright now I
It seems very strange that we have to do
this from now on really I
I did this just for the machinima or
for when monetized videos but now
I think you have to do it always if you do not
we are going to have problems although I am not
hundred present safe but I'm sure
that we can still upload halo videos of
now onward although nothing else there is
that like more restrict to the thing and
we can not earn money or anything
like that
and good if you are against
these new microsoft rules there is a
web page that is also the description
of the video for us to sign
as one with one as one says
complaint to microsoft and so we can gather
as many subjects as we can for
be able to change the mind of microsoft
we did in several companies like the act
like this in soup like other things that
we really did not like them and good guys
that's all for today I hope you like it
the video liked to like it and for
please share it with all your friends
It really is very important and I leave you
this task
Shady share it with all your friends
It's time for many people to know about
this situation is passed the new
Microsoft rules and know of the new use
in hello from now on on youtube
I 'm hd and I hope you liked it
this video if you liked it dale I like it
hd
see you black cocks I'm sick